Add tutorial for lumbar segmentation and registration (#4250)
spinalcordtoolbox/spinalcordtoolbox: documentation/source/user_section/tutorials/registration-to-template/lumbar-registration/before-starting.rst

Before starting this tutorial
#############################

#. Make sure that you have the following files in your working directory:

>    * ``single_subject/data/t2_lumbar/t2.nii.gz`` : An anatomical spinal cord scan in the T2 contrast showing visible lumbar regions.

Author: I'm starting to question the idea of using separate subfolders when dealing with `t2_lumbar` and `t2_compression` tutorials. If these tutorials get integrated into the SCT course, for example, it's a bit awkward to have to `cd` from `t2/` into these other folders and then back again... :thinking: 

I'd like to test and see how the flow of the tutorials works in practice? (Are we even including lumbar/compression tutorials in the course?)

>    * ``single_subject/data/t2_lumbar/t2.nii.gz`` : An anatomical spinal cord scan in the T2 contrast showing visible lumbar regions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * ``single_subject/data/t2_lumbar/t2.nii.gz`` : T2w anatomical scan of the lumbar spinal cord.
```

>    * ``single_subject/data/t2_lumbar/t2.nii.gz`` : An anatomical spinal cord scan in the T2 contrast showing visible lumbar regions.

Author: This suggestion overlaps with @valosekj's suggestion https://github.com/spinalcordtoolbox/spinalcordtoolbox/pull/4250#discussion_r1355031504, so I'll combine the two suggestions and mark this as resolved.

>    You can get these files by downloading :sct_tutorial_data:`data_lumbar-registration.zip`.

Author: Fixed by https://github.com/spinalcordtoolbox/spinalcordtoolbox/pull/4250/commits/0062f397e81c2a87ff35f342905598e2fdb51470.

> Before starting this tutorial

Reviewer 2: (An anchor for the link in my other suggestion.)

```suggestion
.. _before-starting-lumbar-registration:

Before starting this tutorial
```
